{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16480\viewh15620\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MAIN - KEY OBJECTIVES  Mark.\
=========================\
student recruitment - increase\
student experience \
students going on to do\'85\
research development\'85 - aim to submit to ref 2020.\
\
===Email Jan anything that think might be useful to add to new starter notes===\
\
\
Colin\
=====\
Gaming brought up student numbers in Computing\
Looking ahead 5 years (special interest group - I should suggest one or two  === Intelligent Interactive Systems)\
\
\
Vicki Lancey\
==========\
Use Outlook Calendar - its required.\
Out of office emails should mention wbs@worc.ac.uk\
1-day per week working from home - let WBS know when your working at home (if reading email - do I need to?)\
\
\
Warren\
======\
Internal \'a32500 buys 60 hours = 20 days\
external \'a37500 buys 60 hours = 20 days\
\
\
Antonius\
========\
Peer observation - must be observed and have observed someone else's teaching. Moving to less formal system. No nomination system.\
24th/25th October - PGCert. (prioritise - according to Mark R.) comes 1st\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 24th - Learning and Teaching Day (Antonius) - (CLASH, 2nd).\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 24th - Graduate Research. (CLASH, 3rd)\
28th January - Research Away day.\
\
\
Sue Barnes\
=========\
Academic tutoring\
First point of call for students\
refer on - list of issues on academic tutee website\
Everything is administered through SOLE <sole.worc.ac.uk>\
Ask Sue how meeting with Tutees held if I have tutees.\
\
\
Cath Ross\
========\
Diversity and disability - reasonable adjustments.\
Most cases - materials need to be available to students several days in advance\
Check entitlements for all submissions before marking\
\
\
Helen - Ethics\
===========\
Can pass existing ethical clearance on and carry on with research. (rel. for Stroppy Kettle, Dialog study and Stereoscopic study).\
Setting up applied research group - evaluation of software/systems.\
\
\
Pete Moody\
=========\
Quality committee and exams and assessment offices.\
Investigates plagiarism cases\
\
Things I can update on module desc with reference to quality committee:\
 - Reading list\
 - Module description - as long as fit learning outcomes\
\
Other wise go through quality committee:\
 - Change the assessments\
\
Room bookings - try to give a weeks notice.\
\
\
\
Tim Maxfield - Business Development\
==========\
CPD - continuous professional development\
There is support for developing proposals (esp. Know. Transf)\
\
\
\
Jan Francis-Smyth - Director of Research and Staff Development\
==============\
Meeting coming up to develop research strategy - what can be done to support research culture?\
Research Assistant Studentships for the summer for projects\
\
\
\
\
 \
\
\
\
\
\
 \
\
\
 }